CSharp grammar update (C# 8) (#2986)
jplag/JPlag: languages/csharp/README.md

# C# language module

> Extracts token from C# source using the ANTRL Grammar from the official [ANTLR repository](https://github.com/antlr/grammars-v4/tree/master/csharp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts tokens from C# source using the ANTLR Grammar from the official [ANTLR repository](https://github.com/antlr/grammars-v4/tree/master/csharp).
```
